and there is someone who also knows more
about what happened in rosary a
violence in football and the
suspension of a superclassic
exactly a friendly course more than
violence between us call valdo prince
and I do not know who to call but the
madness that was lived
just the rosary but not only yesterday
on the day of the match a match that
supposedly it was friendly that was played
without visiting public but in the
previous one was coming towards 15 days that
they were burning a seat on fire
fire a box office shots when the
more stabbed cumshots to madness by
where you see explanations for this
logical
obviously there are no responsibilities
of putting together these games and also
can the organizer discuss
example who organizes these friendlies
organize a company how they organize
calves summer like boca-river
now the issue is what role do the
security agencies that can not
control a caravan that passes by
from the park of linde
and that they collide between the features
among the fans that the police arrive
that lashes out in a club at
clean shots with families with people with
guys a policeman badly hurt
nine detainees and a party that
they have to suspend because you can not
play what is complicated max and is that
the information we have and what
said the judge is that suspiciously not
the cameras that could
have served as a test to identify
to the violent good things that happen
in Argentine football where they have to
be the approved cameras where the
that has no security system
can be part of the terms
official but good cameras in this
opportunity did not work and over
crown her because the party was
the people were already on the court
a lot of people expected people to leave
in the central players that is what
what are we seeing in images for
do a workout of a party
informal between holders and substitutes
well they could not play it because
these vandals because criminals are
they hit the court directly to
loot them
pantaleón the t-shirts ankle boots tights
could not be part of a
minimum party a minimum training
with a public one could say good
they gave us an awful shame
that as always they are going to follow
looking responsible and they are never going
to find this was the preview of a
central newell's me if you want we can
talk long and hard what happens end
week after weekend with the
police in rosario for the teams that
they go in condition of visitors either of
the first national b in the case of
Central rosary either the first with
jowell what happens always in the giant
of arroyito with the equipment of the interior
that go is embarrassing to select
police as they hit the fans
visitors as they literally free them
the area and deliver them so that
the barrabravas and the people and the family
ends in the middle one more battle
there maxi comes there also other
episodes of violence and problems of
violence in rosary in particular that
surely this has just happened is
one more sample of what's coming
happening not exactly and it's a
disability sign
unfortunately police
to be able to control what
supposedly at a football party
[Music]